These console logs we just added in are great for communicating some output back to the user.
But right now they're kind of hard to read.
So if I go back to that for each test file and delete all the gibberish at the bottom and save this
I can then run the test file again and well it's just kind of hard to interpret exactly what's going
on here.
So I think that we need to add in some better formatting overall in addition to what would be really
awesome is if we could color code the output.
So if we can mark this line as like Green to indicate that hey this test went okay and if we can mark
all of this stuff as red to indicate Hey something just went wrong so to do so we can use that chalk
library that we used a long time ago so I'll navigate to NPM j ust dot com search for Chuck find Chuck
right here and remember the entire goal this module is just to allow us to very easily put out some
console logs in the terminal that are color coded so we can take a look at some quick examples.
Yes pretty much all we have to do so we can call console log with chalk dot whatever color we want and
then pass in the string to console log.
So let's install shock really quickly and just try this out with the belt better color coding so I can
flip back over to my terminal I'm gonna change out of the sample project directory back into Tumi because
remember we want to add this dependency to Tumi not the sample project.
So instead of team you'll do an npm install chuck that will install rather quickly it's a pretty small
package.
Of course I'm on some kind of junkie Internet right now so it's going to take me slightly longer.
I'll then change back into sample project.
So I'm in sample project again.
Let's go back over to our implementation so here's runner dot J.S. at the very top.
We will require in shock and then updates on these different console logs at the top.
I'm going to get Chuck from Chuck
then down inside of our run tests or the console log of Okay right here.
I'll wrap that with a chalk dot Green
the two heirs I will wrap with a choc dot read and a chalkboard read
and the area around requiring the file down here.
I will wrap that with a chalkboard read as well.
We don't really have to wrap that one but what the heck.
Let's do it anyways.
And then finally at what might also be kind of nice is if we add right before we start to run any given
file.
Let's just do a console log right away to indicate that we're about to run some tests for the given
file that we're iterating over so I'll do a console dot log of chalk dot Gray.
In this case and I'll do like dash dash dash and know let's do some string interpolation here just to
get the file name in a little bit more easily and we can do file dot name okay.
Now we have all this added in.
Let's save this.
I'll flip back over I'm once again inside of Tumi.
Ask me I'm inside of sample project inside a sample project.
I'm going to run Tumi and there we go.
Now I can very easily see the name of the file and I can see the color coded output.
Now looking at this I'm still unfortunately a little bit unhappy.
We've got this giant path right here which is just not the most useful thing in the world so it'd be
kind of nice if we could just show like the relative path inside of our current working directory or
inside of whatever folder we're running all the stuff from.
So to do so well you can go back to our collect files function which is right below.
Run tests so inside of collect files remember after we find found a file that we really care about.
So that's the if statement right here.
We pushed it into to test files and we pushed in an object that had a name and we set that equal to
the file path the file path was the entire absolute path.
So if we wanted to we could add in an additional property here.
How about like short name and have that be just the file so file right there is like just the name of
the file relative to the root directory.
So for short name all provide file so now when we iterate over test files rather than counsel logging
out the name we can counsel out just short name and see not the entire absolute path so I'll go back
up find the console log of Gary that we just added in and I'll do short name right there.
We'll say this again.
Pull it back over.
I will tell me.
And now we see that much more condensed output everything relative to the root project folder okay.
So definite looks a little bit better.
Now I'm once again thinking to myself how right is better organized but just a little bit better if
we indented all this stuff kind of equally as well.
I apologize for all this nit picking but it's some stuff that I just want to go through really quickly.
So another quick pause.
We're gonna do just a little bit better formatting on this test report and then continue with our implementation.